DBS311 D - Lab 1 – In-Lab submission only, unless you have a permission
from me to submit by e-mail. Your Word or TXT Document must have both
SELECT statements and the OUTPUTS.
You may also submit your Lab Printout to our Reception Office, Room
A3058 by the due date, Thursday, May 23rd by 4pm
Use DEMO tables here -> LOCATION, DEPARTMENT, EMPLOYEE
1. Write a query to display the After-tomorrow’s date in the following format:
September 28th of year 2016
Your result will depend on the day when you create this query.
Label the column After Tomorrow.

2. For each employee in departments 50 and 60 display last name, first name,
salary, and salary increased by 7% and expressed as a whole number.
Label the column Good Salary.
Also add a column that subtracts the old salary from the new salary and multiplies
by 12. Label the column Annual Pay Increase.

3. Write a query that displays the employee’s Full Name and Job Title in the
following format:
DAVIES, CURTIES is Stock Clerk
for all employees whose last name ends with S and first name starts with C or K.
Give this column an appropriate label like Person and Job
Sort the result by the employees’ last names.

4. For each employee hired before 1992 who is earning more than $10000, display
the employee’s last name, salary, hire date and calculate the number of YEARS
between TODAY and the date the employee was hired. Round the number of years
up to the closest whole number. Label the column Years Worked.
Order your results by the highest paid people first, then by years worked.

5. Create a query that displays the city names, country codes and state province
names, but only for those cities that start on S and have at least 8 characters in their
name. If city does not have province name assigned, then put Unknown Province.

6. Display each employee’s last name, hire date, and salary review date, which is
the first Tuesday after a year of service, but only for those hired after 1997.
Label the column REVIEW DAY. Format the dates to appear in the format similar
to: TUESDAY, August the Thirty-First of year 1998